PREFACE

Ἣ

FOR some long time past it has been widely felt
that a reduction in the costos Classical Works
used in schools generally, and more especially in
those intended for boys of the middle classes, is
at once desirable and not difficult of accomplish·
nient. For the most part only portlons of authors
are read in the earlier stages of education‚ anda
pupil is taken from one work to another in each
successive half-year or tenn; so that a book
needlessly large and proportionably expensive is
laid aside astera short and but partial use.

ln order, therefore, to meet what is certainly a
want, Portious of the Classical Writers usually
read in Schools are now being issued under the
title os Gnnnriunn Senoon Tsxvs3 while, at the
request of various hlasters, it has been determined
to add to the series some portions of the Greek
Tesiament.

Each Tuxr is provided with a Vocnssunnnr 01
the words occurring in it. In every instance—with
the exception of Eutropius and AEsop-the origin
of a word, when known, is stated nt the eorumme-
nient of the article 1105110501’151100555550555

 

